Update Introduction page (#67)
crypto-org-chain/cronos-docs: docs/chain-details/introduction.md

# Introduction

### Cronos Chain

> Crypto.com introduces the Cronos mainnet, the Crypto.org EVM compatible chain, on 8 Nov 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Crypto.org introduces the Cronos mainnet beta, the Cosmos SDK based EVM compatible chain, on 8 Nov 2021.
```
